A theory of gravity
4 dimensions of space
Time is causality and is constant
The 4 dimensions are x, y, z positions ad w dimension defined by mass displacement of x, y and z. The traditional view on time dilation can be mapped to w/mass displacement of x, y and z in the w direction.

Q: What is the difference between the traditional view of time dilation and the new view of time dilation?
A: The traditional view of time dilation is that time is a dimension and that time is relative to the observer. The new view of time dilation is that time is causality and is constant. The traditional view on time dilation can be mapped to w/mass displacement of x, y and z in the w direction.

Q; What are other attributes of time can be mapped to the w dimension?

A: Other attributes of time that can be mapped to the w dimension include acceleration, energy, momentum, and force.

Mass to energy conversion can be mapped to the w dimension. 
The w dimension can be used to calculate the gravitational potential energy of a system.
The w dimension can also be used to calculate the kinetic energy of a system.
It can also be used to calculate the time-dependent forces acting on a particle.

Q: How can the w dimension be used to calculate the gravitational potential energy of a system?
A: The w dimension can be used to calculate the gravitational potential energy of a system. The gravitational potential energy of a system is the energy stored in the system due to the gravitational force between the system and the earth. The gravitational potential energy of a system is equal to the mass of the system multiplied by the gravitational acceleration of the earth multiplied by the height of the system above the earth.

Q: Can the force felt due to acceleration be mapped to the w dimension?
A: Yes, the force felt due to acceleration can be mapped to the w dimension. The force felt due to acceleration is equal to the mass of the system multiplied by the acceleration of the system.

Q: Why can't the w dimension be used to replace time as a dimension?
A: The w dimension can't be used to replace time as a dimension because the w dimension is not a dimension. The w dimension is a dimensionless quantity. The w dimension is a dimensionless quantity because it is a ratio of two quantities that are both dimensionless quantities.